Al: Hello, farmers, and welcome to another episode of The Harvest Season.
Al: My name is Sleepy Al.
Kevin: My name is somewhat sleepy, Kevin.
Kevin: I have narcolepsy.
Kevin: Hello.
Al: And we're here today to talk about so many cottage score games, just like, I think possibly every single cottage core game.
Kevin: Too many?
Kevin: Okay.
Al: Except, except where's my Story of Seasons game?
Kevin: We're here to talk about.
Al: Give me my story of seasons game.
Kevin: Yeah, actually, right?
Kevin: Except the ones we wanted.
Kevin: Where's uh, where's my uh, wild, whatever, the sequel?
Al: Well, that's not true.
Al: There's not true.
Al: That's not true.
Al: You've got something, but we'll get there when we get there.
Kevin: Okay, okay.
Kevin: I do?
Al: We do, yeah, well...
Kevin: Wait, oh, I know what you're talking about.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, well, we'll get, we'll get, we'll,
Kevin: The game, I may not even play, but I care about it.
Al: Not the point, not the point.
Kevin: Not the point, not the point.
Kevin: Ah, we're.
Al: All right.
Al: Uh, yeah, this, the, we're recording a day after the wholesome direct, so there is just so much news.
Al: So, so much news.
Kevin: Yep, weird.
Al: So we're going to talk all about that.
Al: There's a bunch of news before that as well, because it's just been a busy time.
Al: So we'll we'll talk through all that.
Kevin: Yep.
Al: And I'm sure there will be some more stuff after we record.
Al: We are recording after most of things, like we've, we've, we've had the Sony state of play.
Kevin: That's correct.
Al: We've had the uh, the Summer Game Fest keynote, we've had the Xbox.
Kevin: Xbox ending like literally as we recorded, kind of, I think.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: I don't know.
Kevin: It might be on still.
Kevin: I didn't I wasn't watching.
Al: They're doing they're doing deep dives into like 2 or 3 games that I don't care about.
Al: I was like, I'm done.
Al: It was the new game of war, Game of War, Gears of War.
Kevin: That is no, that's correct.
Al: Uh, and some other thing that basically just looked like gears of war as well.
Al: Uh, except maybe they could pause time.
Kevin: Biggest news to me is Xbox still makes games.
Al: I don't know.
Al: Yeah, yeah, but it seems to be all be the same 2 games over and over again.
Al: Um, Plus, for some reason, uh, uh, untitled goose game, but it's a magpie this time.
Kevin: True, true.
Kevin: I need I need to see that. okay.
Al: Anyway, point is, we haven't had a Nintendo thing and there might be some more stuff to come.
Al: Hopefully, and, uh, you know, a marvellous thing maybe giving me a study of seasons game.
Kevin: Oh, yeah.
Al: We'll see, but like, I don't know.
Al: We'll see.
Kevin: That would be the one, right?
Kevin: If not in wholesome direct, then be the Nintendo.
Al: Yeah, well, or on the road, they've done their own standalone thing.
Kevin: Oh yeah, you're right.
Kevin: Come on, Sakuna.
Al: Because that's where they actually, because it was 3 years ago that they announced the 2 new story seasons games that they haven't talked about since.
Al: 3 years ago.
Al: So, and that was in, that was in their own standalone marvellous games showcase.
Kevin: Oh, yeah.
Al: But they didn't showcase the games.
Al: They just hinted at them.
Kevin: No.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: I, so stay tuned for part 2 of too many games.
Al: We'll see.
Al: Yeah, who knows?
Al: who knows what next week will be.
Al: Anyway, we're going to talk all about that.
Al: So much news.
Al: It's going to be fun going through it.
Al: Before that we have, I know what you released last month because it's the start of a month.
Al: But 1st of all, Kevin, what have you been up?
Kevin: Um, so busy with things.
Kevin: I've actually been playing some asthma, though, and the, you know, time, bits and pieces I get.
Kevin: I haven't picked up a copia.
Kevin: It's wild.
Kevin: I'm playing another game, but here I am.
Al: Nothing wrong with that.
Kevin: I was enjoying it.
Kevin: Chug along and and I'm enjoying it.
Kevin: I'm the relationship shipping, porting people.
Kevin: I still haven't even met all the eligible bachelor folk, but um, No, I'm enjoying it.
Kevin: It's fun.
Kevin: Um, that's, that's, I'm trying to think, that's kind of the big thing.
Kevin: That's kind of it.
Kevin: Um, Al, what about you?
Al: I don't think I've been playing anything.
Kevin: Okay, that's fine.
Al: Um, Uh, yeah, uh, I just, I've been, it's been a busy couple of weeks.
Kevin: I get that.
Kevin: I'm close to that.
Al: I was I was doing some real life stuff, so I didn't really have the time.
Al: Or it's not really the time.
Al: It's more like the brain energy, you know, um, especially as I was at the point where I'd be, I would be starting a new game, so I didn't really have the brain energy to start a new game.
Kevin: Uh-huh.
Al: So I just kind of didn't do much games wise.
Kevin: Yep, fair enough.
Al: But what I have done is I have watched Spider Noir.
Kevin: With Nick Expletive Cage.
Al: Nick Cage, yes, yeah.
Kevin: Yay.
Al: And I like it.
Kevin: Is it good?
Al: I think it's really good.
Al: It's it's obviously very different.
Al: But I really enjoyed it.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I thought it did things differently enough to not just be just Spider-Man.
Al: And but I also think, I think it did, it was an
Kevin: Okay, so it's different?
Kevin: Okay.
Al: It was an interesting enough mystery, right?
Kevin: Uh okay.
Al: Because obviously it's a noir.
Al: It has to have a mystery.
Al: So the noir the mystery was interesting enough, but also it felt like there were lots of little mysteries in it.
Al: So like most, not necessarily every episode, but like every 2 episodes, it felt like you were, you were uncovering a mystery, which is quite nice.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: Hmm.
Al: So it kind of, I felt it was a nice balance between individual episode storytelling and whole episode, whole season, storytelling.
Al: Like you don't just you don't just feel like it's just one story spread across 8 episodes.
Kevin: Yeah, the overarching thing, yeah.
Al: It feels like there is an overarching story that you are trying to find out, but they keep giving you stuff in every episode or every 2nd episode, which was really nice.
Kevin: Okay, okay.
Kevin: That's that sounds nice overall.
Kevin: Um, okay, mhm.
Al: And I think they did a really good balancing of existing characters, but making them different because obviously a lot of these things have to be quite different because of its, you know, aesthetic and its time period and stuff.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And I think it did that really well while not being just like completely brand new characters.
Kevin: What?
Kevin: Yeah, that's my 1st question.
Kevin: Like, how, how does that work or feel?
Kevin: You're saying it's good, but like, I don't know.
Kevin: Can you give me an example, right?
Kevin: Like, what's a character?
Al: It's hard. Okay, I will give you, I will give you one example.
Kevin: Even if I'd know.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: And that is the main female character is essentially Felicia Hardy.
Kevin: Uh-huh.
Kevin: Okay, sure.
Al: But they call her Cat Hardy.
Kevin: That makes sense.
Al: She's not cold.
Al: I don't know if I feel I get, I think at one point they do say that her name is Felicia, but she gets called Cat.
Kevin: Yeah, okay.
Al: Um, and so obviously because of the, you know, the time period and the, uh, uh, you know, sexism.
Al: Uh, like her, her existence is more difficult in general and so she is not Catwoman.
Kevin: No.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Nope, wrong universe.
Kevin: Nope, I mean, she wouldn't be in most cases.
Al: Black cat.
Al: She is not black cat.
Al: Why do I do that?
Al: I always seem to make that mistake.
Al: I don't know why.
Kevin: Well, because they're the same character, that's why that's not your fault.
Kevin: It's literally the same character.
Al: But she is not black cat.
Kevin: It's fine.
Al: At least I noticed it before you pointed out this time.
Al: So she's not actually obviously a black cat, but they do a good job of having her personality still be very similar to how Felicia's personality is in the comic books, like her interest in the spider.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: He's not called Spider-Man in this, you know, he's called the Spider.
Kevin: Yeah, he's just the spooter.
Al: But her interest in the spider, and also separately her interest, uh, to what degree I won't say, because I don't want to spoil things, but like her interest in, um, what's his name?
Kevin: Nick Cage.
Al: Yeah, yeah, but his character's name.
Kevin: It's Riley, isn't it?
Al: Can't remember. He's Ben Reilly, yeah.
Kevin: Is he a Ben Riley or, uh, he's a Ben.
Al: Yeah.
Al: So his interest in Ben is kind of very reminiscent of, you know, what they do with Peter Parker in the comic books, et cetera.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Sure, sure.
Al: which is all, I think very interesting and in keeping with her character while she can't be the same character, right?
Kevin: Okay.
Al: It doesn't make sense for her to be the same character, but she still is quite pinnacle to the plot. And I feel has a very similar personality while being.
Kevin: Right.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Okay, that's int- that that sounds good.
Kevin: All right, let me ask.
Al: And here's here's one here's one other thing to get you to get your appetite wet.
Kevin: Oh, yeah?
Al: He has a different origin story.
Kevin: Well, yeah, I mean, wait, does he?
Kevin: Yeah, no, I guess so.
Kevin: Uh, that's interesting.
Kevin: I'll have to check that out.
Kevin: Yeah, don't tell me on that.
Al: I won't I don't want to say how.
Kevin: Ill look it up myself.
Al: I don't want to say how, but I think you in particular, Kevin, will enjoy the differences in his origin story.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, I'm looking it up now.
Al: Oh, come on.
Kevin: Okay, fine, fine, fine.
Kevin: We'll see, but that is interesting.
Kevin: I like it.
Kevin: Is he actually just spiders, man?
Kevin: Is that what you're telling me now?
Al: Okay, I'll tell you after the recording if you want to know.
Al: I will, I will spoil it for, if you're not, if you're not going to watch it, I will spoil it for you after the, after the recording.
Kevin: All right, well, well, it's fine.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Okay, okay.
Kevin: 2 more questions.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: One, how much superhero is there?
Kevin: And you know what I mean by that.
Al: Good amount.
Kevin: you know, the Marvel CGI.
Al: I think, um, there are some iffy CGI moments, um, there's clearly a couple of bits with a cheap cheap tail a little bit, but, um, what I will say is that most of the, the show looks really good.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Uh-huh.
Al: There's not, there's not like big CGI battle, but there are some interesting fight scenes.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Sure.
Kevin: I mean, Sandman's in it, so, you know, it's gonna...
Al: Well, yes, so there are a few super superhero villains, but they, like the spider, their existence is different than in the standard stories.
Kevin: Sure.
Kevin: Sure, sure, sure.
Al: But they are, they are still similar, again, in powers and personalities, but also different at the same time.
Kevin: Sure.
Kevin: Okay, that sounds good.
Kevin: This all sounds good.
Kevin: Okay, my last big question.
Kevin: Uh, is a lack, okay.
Kevin: Are you watching Nick Cage, running around Spider-Man suit, or is are you watching Ben, if you understand what I mean?
Kevin: How much Nick Cage is it?
Al: I do understand what you mean.
Al: I do understand what you mean, and I think the Nick Cage does come out.
Kevin: Sure, it has to.
Kevin: He's Nick Cage.
Kevin: It impossible.
Kevin: But I can live with it.
Al: But I, I think, I mean, he's not like Ben Riley in the comics, right?
Kevin: The question is how much?
Al: Because Ben Riley in the comics is just, you know, Peter Parker, right?
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Like he's just the same person.
Al: So he's clearly, he is not spoiler alert.
Al: As far as we know, he is not just a clone of Peter Parker, right?
Al: We don't know a Peter Parker in this universe.
Al: So I'm guessing that in this universe, he is just the Spider-Man.
Al: There is no Peter Parker, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Right, right, right.
Al: Um, So he does have a different personality because of that.
Al: I don't, I, it's hard.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: I feel like it's a personal judgement, I think, you have to take.
Kevin: Sure, that's true.
Al: Like, I'm not watching it going like, I'm just watching Nick Cage.
Al: He's not just the same as every other thing he does.
Al: I do think that obviously he hidden the Nick Cage comes out.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: You're not going to cast Nick Cage and not have him been at Cage, but...
Kevin: That's correct.
Kevin: Yeah, no, that that's fair.
Al: It feels real.
Kevin: But if there's an effort, if there was direction.
Al: It feels real enough to me.
Kevin: Yeah, okay.
Kevin: Okay, good.
Kevin: because yeah, exactly.
Kevin: Like, like you say, you don't pass Nick Cage without wanting some Nick Cage.
Kevin: But, you know, there's an effort to be different too, right?
Kevin: Like, look at Jim Carrey Eggman, right?
Kevin: Like, you know, as great as he is, that's not Eggman, right?
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Like, that's just Jim Carrey.
Al: No, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's less, it's less Nick Cage than Eggman is, um, uh, Jim Carey, because Eggman is just Jim Carey, right?
Kevin: Oh.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Yeah, okay.
Kevin: Yeah, that's great.
Al: There's not really anything to that.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: which is not
Al: I not saying that's a bad thing, but that is a thing.
Kevin: Right, right.
Al: And that's a thing that if you don't like him, that would put you off.
Kevin: I'll agree.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I think if you really hate Nick Cage, then you're probably still going to not like this as much.
Al: But I think if you liked Nick Cage, you just want him to be a bit less or a bit different. I think this is, I think it's done well enough for that.
Kevin: Welsh.
Kevin: Okay, okay.
Al: The.
Kevin: All right, this, all right, this, these are all the answers I want to hear.
Kevin: This sounds great.
Kevin: Good stuff.
Kevin: I will try to check.
Kevin: on Amazon Prime.
Al: It is, yeah.
Kevin: I do have it.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: I think I think it's really, I think it's really well done.
Kevin: Yeah I'll check it out.
Kevin: Oh, oh, well, okay.
Al: Um and I think that the story is interesting.
Al: There were some mysteries that I managed to solve and there were some that I did not, which is how I like these things to be, where it's like you can figure these things out, but not everything.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Ooh.
Kevin: Yeah, that sounds good.
Kevin: Sure.
Al: Maybe there were some people that figured it all out.
Al: I don't know.
Al: But, um, yeah, I really enjoyed it.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: I thought Nick Cage was great.
Al: I thought a bunch of other the other actors were great.
Al: I think...
Al: Okay, I'll tell you this one other thing about the Nick Cage versus not Nick Cage thing.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: I think the way they do it is really well in that he's more Nick Cage when he's drunk and less Nick Cage when he's not.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, that's incredible.
Kevin: That sounds incredible.
Kevin: That's what I want.
Al: And so I think that's the right balance personally.
Al: If you're going to Nick Cage, I think that is a really good way of being like, well, sometimes we want him to be full Nick Cage and sometimes we don't, is you make him drunk sometimes.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And I think it works...
Al: There's like there's one scene in particular in like this 7th episode that I think you will adore.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, that sounds great.
Kevin: Nick Cage, he puts the Nick Cage mask over the Spider-Man mask.
Al: Yeah. Oh, Kevin, I can't say anything, but I need to, I need you to remember the sentence you just said and then come back to me once you've watched it.
Kevin: Oh my goodness.
Kevin: I was joking people.
Al: I probably said too much there, but I'm I'm sorry.
Kevin: No, that's fun.
Kevin: I I don't know how that would play out, but that's incredible.
Al: You have no idea what you're in for, but I think, I think, I think you will enjoy.
Kevin: Oh my.
Al: Like, I don't think everybody would enjoy this, but I do think you would enjoy it.
Kevin: Oh, yeah.
Kevin: Okay, I mean, I'm going to check it out.
Kevin: All right, last question, last question.
Kevin: This is just minor one because this office is preference.
Kevin: Are you doing black and white or colour?
Al: I did it in black and white on my own, because when it came out, I was not at home with Rona, and we're going to watch it together in colour.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: So I will get both.
Kevin: Hey, you know what's?
Al: I think I honestly think both are good.
Kevin: Yeah, go ahead.
Kevin: Yeah, I was about to say, it's crazy how this show that was, you know, there was a pitch to be black and white or whatever, still in colour looks better than like 90% of everything that was coming out in movie and TV.
Al: Yeah, yeah, I...
Al: Yeah, I think they did a really good job of doing both.
Al: I don't feel like you miss anything in black and white.
Al: I feel like you kind of, obviously you gain the atmosphere, and I think in colour, I think the vibrancy of some of the colours is really nice.
Al: And it'll be interesting to rewatch it all with the colour and see not necessarily whether I missed anything because I'm sure I didn't miss anything, but like you might notice some other, you might notice details differently when there's colour and stuff like that, I think.
Kevin: Yeah it is.
Kevin: But how it's different.
Al: So it'll be really interesting to see how that compares.
Kevin: Sounds great.
Kevin: Sick.
Kevin: Okay, I'm gonna check it out.
Kevin: This sounds awesome.
Kevin: All right, tell me about Mr. Ghibli Man and his movies, Al.
Al: Oh yes, yes, I've also been, I've been watching a whole bunch of Ghibli Ghibli films.
Al: So I am...
Kevin: Yeah, I I honestly have not watched that many, so, but uh, you're grown.
Al: I'm up to 12 of them now, 12 out of 24.
Kevin: That's a lot.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: So I watched The Boy and the Heron when it came out.
Kevin: Cool.
Al: Was that 2 years ago, I think?
Kevin: That was that's out the Rob Patterson, isn't it?
Al: Yes, yes.
Al: So I saw that in the cinema, and it was great.
Al: I was like, this is good.
Al: I really like this.
Al: And so now I finally got to the point where I'm like, okay, I'm not going through any other film series just now.
Al: I've got my watch list down to a manageable amount.
Al: Let's go heavy in.
Al: I spent, as I mentioned, I spent 2 weeks.
Al: you know, not at home, not with the rest of my family.
Al: So I'm like, this is a good time to like.
Kevin: Yep, depending your castle in Scotland as you do.
Al: In the Isle of Man, actually, but sure.
Al: And then I was like, this is a good time to go in watch a whole bunch of these films.
Al: So I am now up to the 1st 11 plus the boy in the heron.
Al: Um, So I have watched now, not, not, not, Nausika in the Valley of the Wind, castle in the sky.
Kevin: Cool.
Kevin: Uh,
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Al: Curse of the fly, curse, grave of a flyfly, sorry, grave of a flyfly.
Kevin: You'd want the fun one.
Al: It's super, super fun.
Kevin: The one where Miyazaki just, wait, was that me?
Kevin: I assuming it's me, yeah lucky.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: She just decides to, you know what?
Kevin: No more facade.
Al: Oh no, that one wasn't Miyazaki.
Kevin: Let's just do what I want.
Al: That one was not me, Zaki.
Kevin: Oh, wasn't?
Al: It was Tak, Tak, Takahata?
Kevin: No, okay.
Kevin: Uh, I don't remember.
Al: Isau, Takehata, who directed that?
Kevin: Oh, was it?
Kevin: Okay, okay.
Kevin: Yeah, that's right.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Then that's why it's, it's too
Kevin: It too earnest for me, is not.
Kevin: Uh, anyway, sorry, go ahead.
Al: Um, yeah, it was like, I, I, I describe the, if you, if you haven't watched these films and you want to just skip to the next section because I think this is probably going to be the last bit um in the, what we've been up to.
Al: I described these on our discord as Nausika and the Valley of the Wind is about how war is bad and we should work together better.
Al: Castle in the sky is about how war is bad and we should work together.
Al: Grave of the Fireflies is about watching 2 children die slowly of starvation.
Al: My neighbour Tortereau is about a funny little guy who lives in the forest and wears a leaf on his head.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Like, those like 4 films in order is just like, I don't know what to do here.
Al: And I watch them like one after the other in 4 consecutive days.
Kevin: Yeah, that's.
Al: Like, it's just, it just...
Al: The whiplash, my goodness.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: So then we had my neighbour Totoro, Kiki's delivery service, which, sure, now I get it.
Al: All the comparing everything to Kiki.
Al: I will see with Kiki.
Al: Not a lot of the actually delivery happens.
Al: I think she does like 3 deliveries and then spends most of the time fawning over a boy.
Kevin: Yeah, you're right, not a lot.
Kevin: That's correct.
Kevin: Yeah, that's correct.
Kevin: That is correct.
Kevin: But she does it on a broom, so it's memorable.
Al: Sure, sure, sure, sure.
Al: Um, and then we had only yesterday.
Al: Um, Porco Rosso, Ocean Waves.
Al: Pompoko, which is my favourite so far.
Al: Pom Poco.
Al: Have you seen that one?
Kevin: No, exactly.
Kevin: I haven't seen a lot.
Al: It's about a whole bunch of raccoons who can transform and
Kevin: Oh, the Janoopies?
Kevin: Oh, I know that one.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: I mean, I watched it, but I know.
Al: It was, it was just excellent.
Al: It was so good on so many levels.
Al: It's just, yeah.
Al: Um,
Kevin: That's oh, that's awesome.
Al: And then Whisper of the Heart, and then on Thursday, I watched Princess Monono, Monono.
Kevin: Monanoke?
Al: They only say it once in the whole film, so I couldn't, I didn't actually catch how they pronounced it.
Al: Do you know, interestingly, Ocean Waves was the only one that did not have a dub, an English dub?
Kevin: Oh, really?
Al: Yeah, because so so apparently most of the English dubs.
Kevin: Huh?
Al: Disney did in 2005.
Kevin: That's correct.
Kevin: Which, ironic or like, amusingly makes Disney actually one of the biggest, uh, distributors of anime, because they do all the Ghibli stuff.
Al: I just, yeah, and I, I, I back, we've talked about how I think that generally, um, Ghibli dubs are good.
Kevin: No.
Al: I double down on that.
Al: They're really good.
Al: And they got a lot of, they got a lot of big name actors as well.
Kevin: Incredible.
Al: Like I think in Nausika, I think Patrick Stewart's in it.
Kevin: Oh, yeah.
Al: Okay.
Kevin: Dude, I can't wait for you to get to Howell's Moving Castle, you get to hear Billy Crystal?
Kevin: Billy Crystalline?
Al: Bizarre.
Kevin: It's great.
Al: I've got 33 to watch beforehold.
Al: So I've got my neighbour, the yam, yam, yam, Yamadaz, Yamaha?
Al: Oh, Yama, Yama, Yama, Yamada's.
Kevin: Yamadas?
Al: Yep, sure, that.
Al: And then we've got Spirited Away, which is obviously another of the big ones.
Al: And then and then the cat returns and then Howell's Moving Castle.
Kevin: That's a great one.
Kevin: I know that one.
Al: I think I've nearly watched all of the like big ones that people always talk about, so there's obviously Totoro, Kiki, Mononoke, Spirited Away, I feel like, are the big ones that people talk about all the time.
Kevin: I feel like, I feel like this.
Kevin: Yeah, it's pretty big one.
Kevin: I think Hal gets like a good, big push, but...
Al: Yeah, oh yeah, yeah.
Al: How old Howells as well, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: But I'm not really out of the ones after Howells.
Kevin: Oh, yeah, because, yeah.
Al: I'm not really recognising the names of ones that people have talked about, except obviously the boy in the heron, which was...
Kevin: No, they're, they're not as, uh,
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: So I don't know how much of that is just to do with it.
Kevin: The Rob Pattinson.
Kevin: Yeah, no, but, uh, no, but you're right, because yeah, I look at the list and not a lot of them just, uh, breaking containment.
Kevin: What do you want to say, right?
Kevin: Like they're not as ubiquitous as the others.
Kevin: But cool.
Al: Yeah, well, I keep, I keep, I keep getting told that there's at least a couple that aren't good.
Kevin: I'm glad you're liking it.
Al: So I've yet to see them.
Kevin: War.
Al: So we'll...
Kevin: Yeah, it's it's got to happen.
Al: We'll, we'll, we'll see.
Kevin: That's a lot of movies.
Kevin: That's a big run to not have a couple of flops in there, but it's fine.
Al: Yeah, I don't know which ones, I don't know which ones it is that people don't like because I'm trying not to look at things beforehand because I don't want to, you know, prejudge things.
Kevin: It's fine.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Um, but I know that there are at least 2 that people are like, uh.
Al: And so that, you know, we're now halfway through and I've not seen any of them that are bad, so we'll see.
Kevin: Rain with the fireflies.
Kevin: Grave of the Fireflies.
Kevin: That's the one they don't like.
Kevin: It's not fun.
Al: Well, that's that's a whole different, a whole different thing.
Kevin: I know, I I get...
Al: I think it's actually the highest.
Al: I think it's actually the highest rated one on letterbox.
Kevin: Yeah, no, it probably is.
Al: Yeah, is...
Kevin: It's it's incredible.
Kevin: Like, I haven't watched it.
Kevin: I know it's incredible but...
Al: It's, it's, its average rating on letterboxed is 4.5, which is just an insane rating.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Like, I think it gets it into like the top 50 on letterbox to full stop.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that that sounds right, you know, so.
Al: a hard list to get into.
Kevin: Oh, Hollywood, pay attention.
Kevin: People love to watch the children's store.
Kevin: Okay, let's go on before I go too down, that mental rental.
Al: All right, yes, that's what we've been up to.
Al: I know what you released last month.
Kevin: Woo!
Al: I can't find my window.
Al: There we are.
Al: So 4 games were released in May, we have farm to table.
Al: I think that was an early access.
Al: I should have double checked this beforehand.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Uh.
Al: Farm to table was an early access, and then we had outbound, obviously, talked about it on the podcast.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: We got Bitter Harvest, which, interestingly, I try...
Al: Ah, that is one thing I did actually try.
Al: I tried the demo for Bitter Harvest.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: I'm not a huge fan of the controls and like the menus and stuff.
Kevin: Ah.
Al: Sorry.
Al: Yeah, a lot of it feels like, like, just as an example, when you talk to someone, once they finish talking to you, that's it.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: You don't get to talk to them again the rest of the day, like they just don't respond to you. And there's a whole bunch of weird stuff around like how the menus and bags and stuff work.
Kevin: Oh.
Kevin: Yeah, one of those, yeah.
Al: Just, it kind, it feels a little bit like, you know, if this came out, you know, 5 years after Harvest Moon, it would feel great.
Al: It would like, it's a whole bunch of lots of quality of life improvements over that, but we're now what another 20 years down the line from that.
Al: And so it just, there's a lot about it that I'm just not, it's not enjoyable for, for me.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: A lot of things and I found it's a bit hard to figure out what it wants you to do next and stuff like that.
Al: And it... So I don't know.
Kevin: Yeah, uh.
Al: I want it to be good.
Al: Maybe it'll improve.
Al: It has had quite a few small updates since then.
Al: They're up to like one.
Al: 3 and they've added a bunch.
Al: So like, oh, one.
Al: 3 adds reactive dialogue, so maybe that's improving things a bit.
Al: With the MPCs.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: So I'm hoping that there's just a bunch, like after a few months, this will be really good.
Kevin: Okay, so just need some time in the oven.
Al: I think so.
Al: I think it's promising, but there's, yeah, it needs, it needs someone who has a really good UX experience to come over and just kind of redesign a bunch of them.
Kevin: Yeah, sure.
Al: Um, and then Budgie's Bugshop as well, the 4th game they released in Maine.
Kevin: Like, pooky little bird, bug game.
Kevin: Which is fun.
Kevin: I'll be honest.
Kevin: Budgies.
Al: I agree.
Al: All right, so we're going to talk a whole bunch of news.
Al: I guess 1st of all, Kevin, do you have any thoughts on the wholesome direct as a whole?
Al: A whole some direct, you might say?
Kevin: Well, yeah.
Kevin: Well,
Al: Like, you know, for example, do you want to talk about the fact that it's weird that they had a VTuber with some very interesting physics introduce one of the games.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Did you notice that?
Kevin: Yeah, that was that was fun.
Al: That was, oh, boy.
Kevin: Um, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, good times.
Kevin: Um, it's really, uh, that one aside, um, Uh,
Kevin: It just, it, it was uh, kind of like great with the firefly, just whiplash where that one came out.
Kevin: Um, but all in all, um, when I watched it, I'm just reminded why they will probably never invite us.
Kevin: Oh, I mean, I get it's, oh, excuse me.
Kevin: Um, I get it's the uh, it's the name.
Kevin: It's also in book, good heavens.
Kevin: It's so over the top sack, Ryan.
Kevin: Um, everyone.
Al: Yeah, there's there's wholesome and then there's that.
Al: Like, it's almost, it's almost at the point where most people who are talking to...
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, and the worst part is like, I don't think it's any one.
Kevin: Well, at least nobody on camera, maybe.
Kevin: Um, because I'm sure everyone was just asked to record and and they did their thing, but like, oh my, I was just watching it and you know, when the presenters or or streamers, they introduce them.
Kevin: I'm just, I'm just thinking, somebody, please drop an F bomb.
Kevin: Oh my goodness.
Kevin: I can feel myself getting more jaded.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, and again, like, uh,
Al: Yeah, I don't even think you need.
Al: even think you need to go that far.
Al: It just, I just feel like it's everybody talks on the same kind of over the top soft voice and like, oh, goodness.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: The cadence, the tone.
Kevin: And look, and this isn't entirely their fault because the well has been somewhat poisoned, but everyone using the, you know, the kind of the psychology speak, right, of, of, uh, the safe spaces and all that stuff, just like the terminology.
Kevin: It just, 0 my goodness, it just, I can't take.
Kevin: I can't take so much out.
Kevin: It's too much in one dose.
Al: Well, especially they should just at the beginning, say like all of these, all of these streamers and podcasters are, are, you know, have a safe space, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Kevin: It's too much.
Al: Now move on and nobody needs to mention that again.
Al: Right?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, wouldn't that be nice?
Al: Like, because this is the thing. It's like, they're all like, oh, we love cosy games.
Al: Yeah, of course you do.
Al: You're on the wholesome direct.
Al: What are you talking about?
Kevin: See, this is why they need us, but they're too cowards.
Kevin: They don't they won't want us screeching like gremblings.
Al: Look, it's about wholesome games.
Kevin: They don't.
Al: That doesn't mean everything needs to be wholesome.
Kevin: No.
Al: Right?
Al: The point of wholesome games was about being a place to highlight things that aren't just 1st person shooters because it feels, and I still think this is the case in a lot of places. And I think things have improved since then, but I think it's still the case that like the big things outside of Nintendo are quite often mostly just showing the same sorts of, you know, 1st person shooters and stuff like that that like a lot of us aren't particularly interested in and having a space for other types of games.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: is a nice place to have them because the games exist.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I agree.
Kevin: Um, and also just like, in general, like, I, oh, how should I put this?
Kevin: I don't think wholesome should be completely devoid of negativity or dark or scary things per se and and, you know, uh, like, also, I point to Pocopia, right?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Like, Bokopia in some senses is very dark and wild, right?
Kevin: Or or Wanderstop or whatever, right?
Al: Yeah?
Al: Stardew.
Kevin: Stardew, yes, yeah, there's some rough spots, right?
Al: It's not, it's not, it's not about, as you say, devoid of emotions.
Al: It's about you're not having to run around and shoot people.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: You know, that's kind of the point.
Kevin: Yes.
Kevin: Yep.
Al: Those games exist and that's fine and they will always exist and they'll always be popular and you'll always know where to find them and this is about other types of games.
Kevin: So like.
Al: We don't have to be nothing.
Al: You know?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, so it's, yeah.
Al: All right.
Kevin: Okay, but yeah, that's the overall thoughts. Like, it's, it's just so much of the same, and it's just too much for those, but I made it.
Kevin: I made it through the whole video.
Kevin: Uh, let's let's get into.
Al: I don't, I don't, I didn't, I didn't actually just watch the video from start to end because my weekend has been very busy because I only got back on Friday.
Kevin: Sure.
Al: So, of course, I've been doing a lot of stuff with the kids because, you know, Rona dealt with them for 2 weeks without me.
Kevin: Well, lucky you.
Al: So I was doing a lot more than I normally would.
Al: And yeah, just actually sitting down for an hour to watch it was not on the cards.
Kevin: Sure.
Al: But I've gone through everything.
Kevin: Well.
Al: So hopefully there's nothing we've missed in this list of news.
Al: All right, let's start off with.
Kevin: Come.
Al: We're going to start with the one.0 releases.
Al: So we have 3 games that are in early access that have announced their one.
Al: 0s.
Al: First up, over Magica, have announced their one.
Al: 0
Al: It's out now already.
Al: I think it's actually got announced like a week and a half ago, but news time is difficult.
Al: And consoles are coming out soon for that game.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Fields of Mystria, Kevin.
Kevin: Cool.
Kevin: Yeah, my my one paltry attempt.
Al: It was a Mystria.
Al: They're one.
Al: is coming out on the 5th of August.
Al: So you're going to get a number on the draft, no matter what.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Look, it doesn't matter.
Kevin: Cody's won.
Kevin: Like, I've given up.
Al: Look, don't, don't, I mean, remember, Cody has one of their 5 that is not coming out this year, so it does, so it's all to play for.
Kevin: This may... This may be my only way coming out this year too.
Kevin: I don't remember what else I think.
Al: Well, no, no, no, because, you know what else?
Kevin: Wait, what else?
Al: Go-Go Town is one other one of your ones, and it's one.
Kevin: Yeah?
Kevin: What?
Kevin: Wait, what?
Al: is coming out on the 16th of July.
Kevin: I don't even remember that.
Kevin: I don't remember that.
Al: Kevin, your game's worth, your games were Fields of Mystria, Petite Planet, Gogo Town, Super Zoo Story, and Starboard, and we've got Starboard news later as well.
Kevin: No, way the chicken back.
Al: We're talking about 3 of your games this episode, Kevin.
Kevin: Uh, uh, uh, uh.
Kevin: Oh, snap, never mind.
Kevin: I take it back.
Kevin: Hi for fields, mystery.
Al: So, Fields of Mystery are one.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: and 5th of August, Gogo 10, one.
Al: on the 16th of July.
Al: Both are adding obviously a whole bunch of stuff.
Al: Gogortown's adding multiplayer, local and online, which I feel like was a most games I don't think should add multiplayer before they're one.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: because it's, I think, it's just something that's, it's quite a niche thing, but GoGoTown, it feels quite fundamental.
Kevin: It does.
Kevin: Uh, so I will say, like, Gogo, Gogo Town feels like, okay, this feels like one.
Kevin: 0.0.
Kevin: This feels like a bona fide game and coming out on the switch, like yeah, okay.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: I think GoGo Down is going to nail the landing here.
Kevin: Um, like the trailer just looks great.
Kevin: It looks like a very complete extensive package.
Kevin: Good for you, Go-go-ta.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: I will probably try it with uh, the, the travel excited me.
Al: There.
Kevin: So, once one.
Kevin: drops, I will probably give it a shot, especially since on switch.
Al: They are also, they're adding 2 exciting things.
Al: They're adding, uh, um, terraforming, which is a great addition to this game and they're adding creative mode as well, which means that you can build up your town without having to unlock things.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Critical.
Kevin: That's a good one too.
Al: Both absolutely excellent things for this game because this game is really fun, but I think those 2 things can put some people off it not having them and I think they would just make this game so much better.
Kevin: That.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I feel like I might need to jump back in for the woman.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: Yeah, well, there you go.
Kevin: 2nd harvest incoming.
Kevin: All these harvest season episodes being announced.
Kevin: Um, so yeah, GoGoTown looks great.
Al: And Fields of mystery are?
Kevin: Oh, I, I don't know, maybe it's because I haven't just been paying.
Kevin: Well, no, I haven't paid that much attention to Gogitan either, but I don't know.
Kevin: This one feels, I don't know if it's good, it might be lacking some stuff.
Kevin: I don't know.
Kevin: I'm a little more cautious on fields of mystery.
Kevin: Um, maybe just because I'm used to, I don't know.
Al: Like what?
Al: Give me give me examples.
Kevin: I don't even know what specifically, but it just, maybe just because it's been just development for so long. Or maybe I'm just thinking because it looks so much more like Stardew and, you know, Stardew is just always expanding and growing.
Kevin: Um, I don't I don't know.
Kevin: We'll see.
Kevin: I'm probably, like I said, I haven't been paying attention too close.
Al: This game's been out for less than 2 years in early access, which I know that sounds like a lot, but yeah, it's only, I think I'm pretty sure it's 24.
Kevin: Really, it feels longer.
Kevin: Wow.
Al: Let me double check.
Kevin: That is not a lot, actually.
Kevin: I don't know.
Kevin: Maybe I'm just still discouraged by the, or like I'm so torn on the aesthetics.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Fifth of oh.
Kevin: It's, it's, I don't know.
Al: Oh, oh, they're they're one.
Al: coming out on the two-year anniversary.
Al: Perfect, amazing.
Kevin: Ah, that's cute.
Al: Love it.
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: Well, like, it's so popular.
Kevin: I'm sure it's good.
Kevin: Um, it'll be fine, I guess, as long as high for my fantasy drift.
Kevin: That's all that matters.
Kevin: Um
Al: I think I think this is going to do numbers because when it 1st came out, people were loving it and it's just, it's just been adding more and more and more.
Kevin: Oh yeah, I mean, let's not forget.
Kevin: Let's not forget, this is the game with the the pins, the the, the, on the undies on it before the game came out.
Al: Oh, God, about them.
Al: There were there were bathing suits, not underwear.
Al: I know the difference is does feel semantic, but still...
Kevin: Oh, was it?
Kevin: Yeah. Oh, I do, okay, well, either way.
Kevin: Oh, okay.
Al: So this this, the one.0 is basically just adding all the kind of, it's raising everything.
Al: It's adding more MPC hearts, more, it's adding marriage and children, so that, I guess, would be the big feature that was missing.
Al: And then there's additional dungeon.
Kevin: Oh, okay.
Kevin: Wait, didn't have marriage?
Kevin: That's crazy.
Al: They didn't have merit in marriage, no.
Al: You could raise relationships, but you couldn't get married.
Al: I think you could be dating up to this point.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I think they added that in an update about a year ago or something.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: Um, So I, I, I feel like that was deliberate, like they wanted that to be for the one.0 release.
Kevin: Oh, hold on.
Kevin: Yeah, I can see that to really feel like the cherry on top or the full release.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Okay, I get it.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Well, look, I'm, I'm, like I said, I think, I don't know what is.
Kevin: Maybe just because it feels too close to Stardew, I'm a little more hesitant, but I'm sure it's going to be.
Al: Yeah, I mean, I get that, but it's it's really well done.
Al: It is a star you like.
Kevin: It is.
Al: 100% is a star you like.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I don't think it, I don't think it.
Al: I think it would be silly to try and pretend it's not, but it's a really well done star, do you like?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: It's just it's just solid.
Al: It's like, and the thing is, like, Stardew was a harvest moonlight, but it was a really well done harvest moonlight.
Al: So that can work sometimes. And I know that we quite often say there's too many games coming out.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: You need to have a, here's why this is interesting over other ones, but very occasionally you can just be really good at it and that's enough.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, because you know what, that's hard too, right?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: like executing really well.
Kevin: that can be that's hard.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: So if they are executing
Kevin: well, you know, fine, good for them.
Kevin: Yeah, like, I'm not trying to, to, uh, uh, like, I'm not trying to say it's bad by any means.
Kevin: Like, it looks fine, looks great.
Kevin: I don't know.
Kevin: Like, when I just think about, I was just much more excited about it.
Al: Yeah, no, that's fair.
Al: It's very more different, so I can see why it would be more interesting in some way.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, that's it.
Kevin: But no, it looks fine.
Kevin: I don't see anything wrong with it per se so.
Kevin: Good for you, Fields.
Kevin: Hitting the one point on the 2 year anniversary.
Kevin: That's cute.
Kevin: I like that.
Kevin: That's good.
Kevin: Um.
Al: And over Magica has been adding a whole bunch of stuff for their one.
Al: 0.0.
Al: Obviously, they're adding quests and and some a new blob world with more blobs.
Al: They've added marriage in as well, a bunch of extra quests, more story, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Al: Plus new languages and steam achievement.
Kevin: Sick.
Kevin: Ova Magico is not on the wholesome direct, actually, I believe, which is kind of wild.
Al: It was not.
Al: No, this was a, this was a pre-wholesome direct...
Kevin: Yeah, that's cool.
Kevin: Get that cow slime.
Al: I don't think any of us chose it in the draft, so that was a, that was a drop on us.
Kevin: And those other slime.
Al: We should have, because I was, you know, I would have been surprised if this one.
Kevin: I wasn't thinking about it.
Al: hadn't come out this year because it's been it's been a while.
Al: Been 2 years as well.
Kevin: I like the turtle slime.
Al: I got to play this at some point.
Kevin: Oh, cool.
Al: Got to play it at some point.
Kevin: Slides are cute.
Kevin: I mean, like, I'd look at him like, yeah, but I see the slime's like, oh, okay, but maybe though.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: All right.
Al: That's the thing.
Kevin: What else we got?
Al: That's well, that's that's the thing.
Al: That, their selling point.
Al: The slimes are cute.
Al: I like the cross, I like the cross bleeding, the cross bleeding.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, you know that's, you know, it works.
Al: The crossbreeding, I think, is the thing that really gets me with this.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: I love I love creature collection.
Kevin: It is.
Kevin: It's good.
Al: All right, we have some other releases.
Al: So we've got Lou's Lagoon, which is a delivery game with a seaplane.
Al: We've talked about it a few times, but not a huge amount.
Al: Anyway, they are coming out on the 27th of August.
Al: So that's a full release with no early access.
Kevin: Yeah, that's um, yeah, sorry.
Kevin: Okay, I was just trying to remember.
Kevin: Okay, yes, yeah, that's the one that I was thinking, yeah, but uh, Mika already happened.
Al: I think there are a lot of similarities, but there's also a lot of differences that I think there's more to this one. and it's more, there's more other forms of traversal as well.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: No, it is.
Kevin: It is.
Kevin: Traversal.
Al: And there's like, you know, house building and stuff like that.
Kevin: Yeah, absolutely.
Al: I think.
Al: It's not, I don't think it's survival.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: They call it exploration and crafting.
Al: So that's different from survival, which I like because I think whenever somebody says cosy and survival, I say what you're talking about.
Al: So, um, you know, survival is not cosy.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: It will never be cosy.
Al: But exploration and crafting, you know, different.
Kevin: Minecraft, as much as I.
Kevin: Yeah, Minecraft as low stress as it can be and you think of the kids game, it is not cosy.
Al: No, not at all.
Kevin: Not one bit, let me tell you.
Kevin: As soon as night hits, it's over, man.
Kevin: hiding in a hole all night long.
Al: So that's coming out on the 27th of August.
Al: Dragon shelter have announced that they're coming out on the 24th of September.
Al: So this one, this one is farming, but also dragons.
Kevin: Yes.
Kevin: Okay, 1st just quick side note.
Kevin: Um, do we have any?
Kevin: well maybe we'll get to it.
Kevin: Does anyone have the guts to go against in November?
Kevin: Has anyone announced November?
Al: There are, I don't think there's any that we're talking about, but I have seen a couple of things that have announced for November.
Al: There was, um, uh, there was a Barbie remake, uh, a bunch of, and Godzilla.
Kevin: Yeah, Barbie and Godzilla.
Kevin: those are the two.
Al: That was the other one.
Al: The 22 remakes and remasters, whatever you want to call them.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: The Barbie one is funny because it's like, I think it's 10 different games from the last 30 years.
Kevin: Yeah, it is.
Kevin: Yeah, that's insane.
Al: Which is like, wow, I didn't realise there were so many Barbie games, but they're like, they go back to the Nez.
Kevin: And you.
Kevin: Yeah, I mean, dude's Barbie.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: And I mean, oh, yeah, I mean, you know, this greenhouse, but yeah, Godzilla looks great.
Kevin: Anyways, I was just wondering about wholesome direct, because we're talking all these dates and not just wholesome direct, you know, in general, everyone's terrified of November, even though it's not, even though it won't happen.
Al: Yeah, I've, well, that's the, that's the thing.
Al: Like they're scared of they're scared of a month when the game's not going to come out.
Kevin: See, they're scared of the shadow of GTA 6 when GTA 6 isn't there.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Uh.
Al: And of course, they're all going to announce a date next year when that's when it'll actually come out.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Oh, at this point they should just shadow drop and just destroy games.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: That would be so...
Kevin: Anyway, sorry.
Kevin: Dragon shelter.
Kevin: looks great, actually.
Kevin: Um, farming but dragons.
Al: Yeah.
Al: It looks it looks well done as well.
Kevin: The dragons, well...
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Like the graphics look nice.
Al: I think a lot of it.
Kevin: I can't remember.
Kevin: I can't remember the last time I saw it, but it looks a lot better than I remember like visually.
Al: Yeah, I think so.
Kevin: looks very impressive to be, Frank.
Kevin: Um, and the dragons help you farm and cook and do stuff, which is what I want with when you have creatures in your farming game.
Kevin: So, I'm interested actually.
Kevin: Yeah, looks fun.
Kevin: And you get different kinds of dragons and stuff.
Kevin: So, yeah.
Al: And Usagishima, bunny game, have has, has, we knew it was coming to steam, but we didn't have a date.
Kevin: Help.
Al: Now we have a date.
Al: Well, we have a month.
Al: It's coming out in October.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Bunnies, yeah.
Kevin: I mean, that's that is just the release, right?
Kevin: Or like re-released or whatever you want to call it.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: Yeah.
Al: It's already on iOS, Android, and I think Switch, and this is just they're bringing it to Steam as well, which is interesting because I had a look.
Kevin: the same game.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: They announced it 2 years ago that it was coming to steam.
Kevin: That's kind of wild that took that long.
Al: Yeah, 2 years.
Al: That's madness.
Kevin: That is menace.
Kevin: James cute.
Kevin: We had did an episode.
Kevin: It was Maddie and I can't remember who else, um, but very, very, very game.
Al: Yeah, I think.
Kevin: Was it?
Al: Look, I played it, so I probably did the bottom the episode on it.
Kevin: That's probably you then.
Al: I'm not going to play a game and then not do the episode on it.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: I got to get the content.
Kevin: It's probably you.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Oh no, it was me and Cody.
Al: It wasn't Maddie.
Kevin: Whatever, it's fine.
Kevin: Either way, um.
Al: Too many episodes to remember everything, let's be honest.
Kevin: Too many episodes.
Kevin: Bunnies.
Kevin: It looks cute.
Kevin: It's a great game.
Kevin: out.
Kevin: Okay, what's next?
Al: We have 2 early access announced.
Al: We have Romestead.
Al: So this is the game where you're in the downfall of Rome.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, yeah, Rome has fallen, rebuild civilisation.
Al: So that they've announced their early access is coming.
Al: Oh, it's out now.
Al: released on the 26th of May.
Kevin: Um, sure.
Kevin: I don't know, like.
Al: It's a it's a little less cottage core than most of the things we talk about.
Kevin: It's it's it's.
Al: It's not... Cam.
Kevin: It's more farming simulator.
Al: It, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: But it's also like fight hordes of the Walking Dead, right?
Al: Like, it's a zombie game, apparently.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh wait, I was thinking of a different one.
Kevin: Wait, no, there's not the game I was thinking about.
Kevin: Never mind.
Kevin: Um, was I thinking of that Egypt game maybe?
Al: Oh, were you thinking of the?
Kevin: Never mind.
Kevin: Sorry.
Al: Yeah, that's the ancient farm?
Kevin: Yeah, that's the one.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Oh yeah, whoa, whoa.
Al: No, this is this is different.
Kevin: This is very different.
Kevin: There's a giant century robot spinning.
Kevin: What does it go?
Kevin: Oh yeah, no, this is more vampire survivor.
Al: Well.
Kevin: These graphics are good actually.
Al: Yeah, it's I don't see vampire survivors.
Al: That makes well, that will make people think of something very different.
Kevin: No, no, no.
Kevin: It is, yes.
Al: This looks good.
Al: Vampire survivors looks ugly.
Kevin: Yeah, there, there.
Al: This does not.
Kevin: Well, too.
Al: No, I think it's kind of, it's kind of star geographics-ish, um, and there is a settlement building part of it, but also there's a lot of combat.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: It feels tower defense-y, like actually defending your settlement from Fords.
Al: It's more kind of
Al: Kind of, yeah.
Kevin: Like, but you're not just setting up so like you're out there actively fighting, but there's a lot of combat.
Al: You are.
Kevin: Majority of this is combat in this trailer.
Kevin: Um, Cool.
Al: It's it's definitely borrowed a line for the podcast.
Al: But it felt close enough, and we didn't have enough games to talk about.
Kevin: It is.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Speaking of having too many games to talk about, Maisie Village, have also announced their early access is coming in August.
Kevin: Not the mouse.
Al: Maisie Village is a cosy town restoring adventure where the tornado scatters homes, villages, and their precious belongings.
Kevin: Uh, this is, oh, yeah, that...
Kevin: Oh, yeah, yeah, I remember the tornado with the face.
Kevin: very cute.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Sure.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: That is coming to early access in August.
Kevin: Like other.
Kevin: Okay.
Al: All right, take a breather.
Al: That's all the releases.
Al: Next, we have game updates.
Al: First up, not in the wholesome direct, but maybe a week ago or so, Disney Dreamlight Valley released a new update.
Al: A hero's journey is out now, and it's got Hercules.
Kevin: I like I like Hercules.
Kevin: I like that movie.
Kevin: It's good.
Kevin: Yeah, I would.
Al: That's a hot take there.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: It's it's got her.
Kevin: It's got Phil, is Meg in it?
Kevin: I don't think she's, I don't see her.
Al: I don't think so.
Kevin: Well, never mind then.
Kevin: No, Herk himself's fun.
Kevin: Um, the Greek, you know, the Greek, uh, aesthetics.
Kevin: Um, or no Hades too.
Kevin: Actually, that's kind of crazy.
Kevin: Um, that's for the 2nd Turcules update, I guess.
Al: Uh, Hades was in a previous update.
Kevin: Oh, oh, whoops.
Al: Yeah, we got Hades before we got Hercules.
Kevin: Well, oh, okay.
Kevin: Yeah, you know what?
Kevin: That's a that's an okay choice.
Kevin: That's logical.
Kevin: I'd do that too.
Al: He was in, there was a, the storybook veil was one of the update, one of the DLCs and he was the kind of main villain in that...
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Sure.
Kevin: Okay, cool.
Al: Next up, starboard, Kevin.
Kevin: That, uh, starboard.
Al: Lava on, they've announced their lava and logistics update, which is out now, and they have said our hottest update before the full release.
Kevin: Eh, eh, eh, eh.
Al: So we're getting close.
Al: So this is not the same thing as an announcement of a one.
Al: Oh, but it is the announcement of the theory of this is the hottest update.
Kevin: No.
Al: I don't know whether that means like the last big update.
Al: That feels like what they're implying, but also is it just a pun and the fact that this is about hot, but is it just a pun or is it more than that?
Kevin: It's just a pun.
Kevin: Yes.
Kevin: It, it is, uh, Plausibly deniably upon.
Al: Like, because hottest can mean multiple things.
Al: Anyway, lava and logistics.
Al: This is bringing a new source system.
Al: It's also bringing lava, heat and cooling systems.
Al: Plus Mac support.
Al: Woo, and controller and steam deck support.
Al: Woo.
Kevin: Oh, oh, I like that. Controllers board.
Kevin: that's nice
Kevin: Uh, uh, I just hope, uh, you know, I'll probably check in when one.
Kevin: 0 drops.
Kevin: Uh, I hope they fix the bigger issue because, you know, they're adding content and systems and that's fine and dandy.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Not quite hitting the week, the areas they think it needs to work on, but maybe they've been working.
Kevin: I haven't paid too close attention, so we'll see.
Al: I, I don't think they,
Kevin: Yeah, I don't think so either.
Kevin: I'm trying to be optimistic.
Al: I'm not, I don't, in any of these updates.
Kevin: I love the art.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: In any of these updates, I've not seen anything about story or bigger things.
Kevin: Yeah, the art looks great.
Kevin: It hurt.
Al: It's all just more of the same.
Kevin: The art looks great though.
Kevin: I love it.
Kevin: It's cute.
Al: Yeah, it does.
Al: and this is and I love Kurt's Gizat in general.
Al: I love their videos.
Al: I love their art style.
Al: I love their fun.
Al: I just feel like there's something missing.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: Next up, 2 Pixelia have announced their one.
Al: One.27 update.
Al: This brings a new job, new languages and cloud save.
Al: Why did you not have cloud saver ready?
Al: Like, this game isn't in early access.
Al: Why do you not have it cloud safe before now?
Kevin: Find the world.
Al: But I still don't see controller support.
Kevin: Wamp, wamp.
Al: Maybe next.
Kevin: Well, um.
Al: Maybe next time.
Kevin: Ah, you can be a real estate agent, aren't you?
Al: I was excited for this game.
Al: They just don't let me play it because they still don't have control of support.
Al: Give me controller support.
Al: Star birds have done it.
Kevin: Yeah, that's true.
Kevin: Then we'll talk.
Kevin: Yeah, hitting one.
Al: And that's a difficult one.
Al: I bet I bet that was a difficult one to get control support good on because it's quite a mouse focussed.
Kevin: Oh.
Kevin: Yeah, I bet it was.
Kevin: Yeah, and nobody's saying it is good though, right now either.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: Well, Kevin, Descounty, have announced an update as well.
Kevin: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Al: This is the people or profit update.
Kevin: Yeah, that's, it's, uh, this is a, uh, actually probably, yes, and it's out already, which is kind of wild.
Al: You going back to it for this?
Al: Yeah, shadow dropped in the Wholesome Direct.
Kevin: It's shadow dropping.
Kevin: Um.
Al: There you go.
Al: Have a little update for you.
Al: Little tasty update.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, so, okay, I'll say mechanically, uh, it looks like a huge expansion.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: 1st of all, your shop, you get a whole bunch of more inventory, which does add a little bit to the game, a little bit of the puzzle and logic of it.
Kevin: But also working on the rest of the town, which is one of the big like question mark.
Al: Wait, no wait, wait, wait, Kevin, Kevin, before you talked about that, you didn't talk about the best thing.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Self-checkout.
Kevin: Okay, you know what would be great about self-checkout if they included the thievery problem that comes with it?
Kevin: You use it, but you lose profits.
Al: Look, look, this is the thing, Kevin.
Al: This is the thing.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: I wouldn't want to play this game until they brought out this and I'm like, suddenly I'm interested in this game now.
Kevin: Oh, but it's going to be a late game.
Kevin: You're gonna have to, you're gonna have to work your way forward.
Al: Yeah, I know, I know.
Al: It really shouldn't be, but yes, you're right.
Al: Oh.
Al: Give me the good gameplay features up early, please.
Al: Don't make me go through the game when I don't want to just to get the features so that I want to play.
Al: Ugh.
Al: Sorry, continue.
Kevin: No, no.
Al: Yes building up the town.
Kevin: One of my favourite things in Pokemon Champions.
Al: Where are we going with this?
Kevin: It's tangent, but you'll see where I'm going here.
Kevin: Okay, Mega Flowet.
Al: What's happening?
Kevin: Mega Flouette is a big problem in champions.
Kevin: Um, right?
Kevin: as you can imagine.
Kevin: And you know how to get Mega Fluette.
Kevin: You have to beat ZA and, you know, do some postgame.
Kevin: Um, so it's just very funny to see people talking, complaining about Mega Fluet, that it's a Pokemon locked behind gameplay.
Al: Ah.
Kevin: Anyways, anyways, that...
Al: Paige Pokemon.
Al: I do find, like, I, I, I, I understand the concept, but it's very funny in that context because it's like, oh, Pokemon locks behind Pokemon gameplay, right?
Kevin: Anyways.
Kevin: It is.
Al: Like, it's not like it's it's not like it fundamentally changes anything.
Kevin: That's correct.
Kevin: Yeah that's correct.
Al: It's like, do you like Pokemon or not?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: It's different.
Kevin: Yeah, mhm.
Al: It's different when you're playing a game and you're like, oh, some of these mechanics are not huge fan of, but mechanics that come later on, I would prefer, and I wish I could get them quicker.
Kevin: Yes.
Kevin: Yes, absolutely.
Al: That's that's one thing.
Al: But it's another thing saying, I want to get the Pokemon without playing the Pokemon.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that's correct.
Kevin: Oh my gosh, yes.
Kevin: No, yeah, no, no, I get it.
Kevin: Like, I'm not.
Kevin: I'm not heckling you here because I get why you'd want that.
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, self-checkout's a big deal.
Kevin: They do have online orders.
Kevin: That's pretty cool.
Al: Nice.
Kevin: Um, just more for you to do in the store.
Kevin: I think that's it's a fun little challenge.
Kevin: Um, uh, yeah, no, I mean, mechanically looks great.
Kevin: The town.
Kevin: So the town was very run down and and tatter, and there was discussion of that, and it really felt like fixing up the town.
Kevin: It was going to be part of the game, and you know, it's kind of a staple in these sorts of games, and it looks like we're finally going to get there, which is very cool.
Kevin: Um, there's new characters that's exciting.
Kevin: Um, we've got, yeah, just a whole bunch of new stuff.
Kevin: Um, house stuff.
Kevin: I don't care much about the house.
Kevin: Um, and most importantly, the story stuff, um, like I mentioned, um, when I talked about that episode.
Kevin: Uh, the weakest part was the ending, left a lot, uh, just loose threads and and places that could have gone.
Al: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: I think they're finally going to go there fully.
Kevin: So that's exciting.
Al: Well, they did say this is the final story, the final chapter with 3 new endings.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: My question is, do you feel like this should have been a one.
Al: 0.0.
Al: Like, is this late update?
Kevin: Yes, yes, honestly, it should be because, you know, the one.
Kevin: should always feel complete, right?
Kevin: Like fully packaged.
Al: Yep.
Al: We've talked about that.
Kevin: This doesn't feel, yeah.
Al: We've talked about the differences between like, you know, what Stardew did and what other games do.
Al: like they're different.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin: I mean, they call it the 4th chapter in which, you know, yeah, and yeah, that 4th chapter does not feel like an extra thing.
Kevin: It feels like the missing 4th chapter.
Kevin: Um, this should have been the one.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, Grant, you know, mechanically, the game was fine, but story wise, it, it, this, this 4th chapter is needed.
Kevin: So yeah, so this is the real one point.
Al: It's not, it's, it's not even like it's been a huge amount of time.
Al: It's less than a year since the 1st version came out.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: So like if they had done early access, it wouldn't have felt like a super long early access.
Kevin: No, no.
Al: Like that would have been a really quick early access compared to lots of people.
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Al: I guess, I don't know, maybe maybe they just maybe they get more money if they don't do alley access, but then you have the...
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, I mean.
Al: I mean, it's worked out for them.
Al: Their reviews are very positive.
Al: It's been a very successful game.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: It it is and.
Al: They have they have nearly one.
Al: 5000 reviews.
Al: Like, that's a lot of reviews.
Al: They've sold a lot of this game.
Kevin: Yeah, and it's 20 USD on steam, like, even if it didn't feel complete for what was there?
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: That was a very fair price.
Kevin: Um, so, you know, it maybe it was a sensible business decision to call at one.
Kevin: But whatever.
Kevin: I mean, it's good, it's done.
Al: Hard to.
Kevin: going to be here now.
Kevin: The expansion and it's not paid, right?
Kevin: It's not like DLC, like it's just completing it.
Al: Yeah, exactly.
Kevin: So, you know, fine.
Al: The only the only thing that you can buy it outside of the game is the supporter's back, which is just like some extra unnecessary cosmetic.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Yeah, whatever.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: If you want a golden top hat, that's where you get that.
Kevin: Uh, so yeah, very.
Kevin: Oh, oh, you didn't tell me that.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Only 6 USD.
Kevin: Oh, um, um, we'll see, we'll see.
Al: Oh, in fact, it's a recolorable tuxedo, so you can make it whatever colour you want.
Kevin: But...
Kevin: Oh, man, now this feels worth it for 6 years, D.
Al: And it includes Kevin, Kevin.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: It includes, it includes a monocle.
Kevin: Ah, I had to.
Kevin: I expected it.
Kevin: Good.
Kevin: Okay, fine.
Kevin: I'm I'm in.
Kevin: Um, but, uh, uh, Monaco and Tuxedo aside, um, I'm going, uh,
Kevin: I'll absolutely be playing this, this county is a great game.
Kevin: It'll be nice to finish it now.
Kevin: Um, Yeah, very curious.
Kevin: There's a cat person in this game, which I don't know what to make of that because that isn't in line with anything in the game previously.
Al: Why not go?
Kevin: Why not?
Al: You can upgrade your your car, your trailer with a house as well.
Kevin: Okay, discounting.
Kevin: So.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: That is, I mean, well, I guess just the feeling of not living in a trailer is nice, but yeah, that's that's exciting.
Kevin: Stay tuned.
Kevin: There will be a follow-up episode, even if it's just me again.
Al: And we also have a DLC announced for The Wandering Village called The Last Leviathan.
Al: Set out on a new journey with the Wandering Village, the last Leviathan, build your sediment on Levi, the all-new marine creature, develop your relationship and take care of its unique needs or advantage of its new resources.
Al: So it's not just a cosmetic thing either.
Al: It is a different land.
Kevin: That's, it's honestly very cool because the preacher looks very cool.
Kevin: I mean, it's just, you know, just your pleesiasord, nessy sea monster thing.
Kevin: Um, But the fact that you get a whole new village and resources.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, uh,
Al: I'm hoping it goes in the water.
Al: It looks like it goes in the water, but I don't actually see video of,
Kevin: It does.
Al: Oh, no, there we go.
Al: Yeah, I see the video of it now.
Kevin: Yeah, it does.
Al: Good.
Kevin: Yeah, so cool.
Al: Oh, some northern lights.
Al: beautiful.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: And you see that logo with the silhouette of the monster?
Kevin: like, oh, it looks great.
Kevin: That's very, very cool.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, I'm excited for that.
Kevin: I haven't played the game, but I like this this Leviathan creature.
Al: I keep I keep thinking about playing the game.
Al: I feel like I should enjoy it, but I just never got around to playing it.
Kevin: Yeah, no, that's fair.
Kevin: Is it only, is it only one other?
Al: There's too many games.
Kevin: Is this the 2nd one or were there any other creatures or just the one?
Al: I think this is only the 2nd creature, yeah.
Kevin: I don't know, this feels like a thing they should do.
Al: There was there was a skin pack, so you could change the look of it, but it's still the same creature.
Al: It just looks different.
Kevin: Well, oh, that's, yeah, that seems like a big thing they should have focussed on adding more of these.
Kevin: Um, cool.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Either way, they've done it now.
Kevin: Oh, Leviathan.
Al: Oh no, they did, they did, so they're calling the skins different things in the other DLC.
Al: A Zerda, the cold fired, Aloba from the desert, Kisu the Golden, Macthaja from the jungle, and Urodon the Amphibian.
Al: So I guess maybe they are, but I don't, I suspect it's still just skins, it doesn't look like they're, you know, doing anything different mechanics wise, which this new one.
Kevin: I'm looking.
Kevin: These are almost.
Kevin: Yeah, and the skins aren't that different.
Kevin: It's almost just colour palette swaps.
Kevin: Um, but the same base design is there, so, yeah, no, this is different.
Al: Yeah.
Al: I wouldn't be surprised because that one came out in December, so it almost feels like this is the progression they're doing, right?
Al: Like they were like, oh, what if we did this? and they're like, well, let's start off with just some skin differences and see if people like that.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: And then they went, okay, there's enough interest.
Al: Let's do mechanics changes as well.
Kevin: Yeah, okay.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Well, hey, you know what?
Kevin: This is kind of cool.
Kevin: There might be a flying one.
Kevin: This this is a way to get me more interested in the game.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, Cool.
Kevin: Want to go, good for you.
Kevin: More monsters, please.
Kevin: Thank you.
Al: All right, our final section, no, our not our final section, our 2nd last section is the new games.
Al: We have one.
Al: 8 games to talk about here, Kevin.
Al: Eight new games to talk about.
Al: Oh, boy.
Al: First up, we have Spirit Crossing.
Al: Rebuild the connection between worlds and Spirit Crossing, a collaborative life sim MMO.
Al: From the makers of Cosy Grove.
Al: Explore distant mountaintop ruins, save lost spirits, befriend tiny bears, and build sanctuaries with other players while you carve out a mount cosy mountainside home of you.
Kevin: Oh.
Kevin: This feels like the wholesome direct incarnate.
Kevin: So like obscenely saccharine and and just, I don't know, it's, it's not doing a lot for me.
Kevin: Like, it just feels like a mishmash of other stuff, but no real idea.
Al: It feels like a lot, doesn't it?
Al: Like it feels busy.
Kevin: Yeah, yep, there's dancing and raising house building and fluffaloes as they call, like it's, it's a lot.
Kevin: I don't I don't know.
Kevin: It's, it's, it feels, yeah, like just a big mishmash of stuff.
Kevin: Um, it's not calling to me.
Al: I also just like the idea of a lifesim MMO.
Al: It doesn't fill me with excitement, but is that just because I don't like MMOs or is it is there something weird about the combination?
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: It's... What's the advantage?
Kevin: That's the thing.
Kevin: Because, like, you know, in other, you know, your traditional, let's just do, you know, Final Fantasy or World of Warcraft, like, okay, you're playing with a lot of people to defeat big, you know, cooperative objectives, raids, and and collections and stuff like there's there's things, right?
Kevin: And a life, Sim.
Kevin: What's the advantage of of interacting with so many other people other than just showing off the house?
Al: It just it just feels like co-op with extra steps, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Co-op, but you you don't get to not have it.
Kevin: Yeah, so yeah.
Al: That's always the thing, the thing with MMOs for me.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: It's like they take the concept of multiplayer and go, everyone has multiplayer, whether you want to or not.
Al: Like that, it's it never feels to me like a selling point.
Kevin: Yep.
Al: But maybe that's just me, maybe it is a selling point for people and that, I mean, there are MMOs that are very popular.
Kevin: Ask.
Kevin: How'd 10 Tim do?
Kevin: Spear crossing people.
Al: Well.
Al: That's probably...
Al: That, that's the, well, this is the problem, is that is MMOs are expensive to keep running.
Al: This is the problem with them compared to, um, compared to offline games.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: A single player.
Al: You have to have your servers running.
Kevin: Yep.
Al: And if you run out of money, game's dead.
Kevin: Yep, so I will probably not...
Kevin: Especially, yeah, because the game will probably die.
Al: I, I, well, I, I, I, I, question is, is it going to be paid or is it going to be free to play like how, what's the monetisation like? If it's free to play, maybe I try it.
Al: We'll see.
Kevin: I probably won't, even if it was.
Al: Well, yeah, I probably won't, but maybe.
Kevin: The possibility would exist.
Al: Maybe.
Kevin: you know what?
Al: Um...
Kevin: I'll give them one props
Kevin: Their little bears are like cube shaped.
Kevin: Okay, that's nice, I guess.
Al: And this is coming out sometime in 2026.
Al: Next up, Tinker Nest, a crafting colony sim that feels like coming home.
Al: A warm campfire, the cutest animal villagers, the curiosity of putting 2 items together and seeing what comes out.
Al: Craft, build, automate, and explore the ancient tunnels down below.
Kevin: Uh, it's fine, I guess.
Al: Don't sound so exciting.
Kevin: Like, It's, uh, it's just, it's just, with this barrage of games, like, it's hard to stand out.
Kevin: And like, it's got a nice soft, uh, what I call soft pixel art because there's no uh, outlines on anything.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, and you're, it's like, what, those cats, Tanukis, raccoons, something like that.
Kevin: I think they're probably raccoons.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, and you're, you're, they're building up the sounds kind of cute.
Kevin: You've got them.
Kevin: Um, Like, I don't know, just, just what's the, I don't feel the hook, I guess, that's what I'm just trying to say.
Kevin: Like, I guess if you really dig these little creatures, sure.
Al: So.
Al: Yeah, I think the crafting thing looks like it could be an interesting aspect.
Al: Um, it also looks like, so it says design your 3D pixel art home.
Al: This art style turns your creations into living pixel art illustrations.
Al: Build your settlements with freely rotatable buildings and decorations, look at them from every angle with photo mode.
Al: I think it sounds like you're designing your own buildings and then it just makes thumb, like you're using pixel art yourself to make buildings.
Kevin: It doesn't look like that in the trailer, to be very frank.
Al: No, but the wording does.
Kevin: Well, we have to see because that would be cool.
Kevin: I'd be down for that, but I.
Al: Well, that's the thing.
Al: If that's true, if that's true, that's the hook.
Kevin: Yeah, that would be a great hook.
Kevin: I just, I'm rewatching the trailer right now.
Kevin: I literally don't see anything that indicates that.
Al: No.
Kevin: Um, so that's, uh, we'll see.
Al: There's like the discovery area, which is not what they're talking about, but there's that which is like you have a whole bunch of different crafting items and you drag them together and you make more things.
Al: almost like what was that?
Al: What was that big online thing?
Al: There was the same thing where you had like, you start with like the 3 elements.
Kevin: Infinite craft.
Kevin: Yeah, infinite craft.
Al: Yeah.
Al: It basically feels like that, which I think is an interesting thing to add into a game like this.
Al: Maybe.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Maybe.
Kevin: They do a, the, the description of the game you're telling me is so different from the trailer.
Al: It feels like it feels like the game could be interesting.
Kevin: I want to play the game.
Kevin: you're telling me about.
Al: They're just really bad at marketing it.
Kevin: Maybe.
Kevin: Yeah, no wonder you're more interested than me.
Kevin: I didn't read that description.
Kevin: It's way more interesting than what I see.
Kevin: Um.
Al: 200 plus combinations to discover for now.
Kevin: That's an okay amount.
Al: Progress through multiple ages of technology.
Al: I want, I don't think that, I think that, I think they're mis explaining the pixel art thing.
Al: I think they're saying when they say the art style times you're creations into living pixel art illustrations.
Al: I think they're just talking about the crafting.
Al: I don't think there's more than that.
Kevin: I think so too.
Al: I think it's just bad work.
Kevin: I do not think you're drawing a house, sadly.
Al: But I do find the crafting interesting.
Al: It's different for this type of game and I think it could be interesting.
Kevin: You don't show that in the trailer either.
Kevin: I don't wanna see what that looks like.
Al: There is, so if you scroll down, there's a few gifts of how...
Kevin: Let me let me look at the steam page because I'm just frame by framing the trailer right now.
Al: All right.
Kevin: Um, so let's see that.
Kevin: Oh, oh, that's kind of cool.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Oh, I see what they're saying.
Kevin: Yeah, that's kind of, yeah, you're right.
Kevin: It does feel infinite craft.
Kevin: Put a thing over a thing and something happens.
Kevin: It's not all necessarily crafting because some of it just like put the key on the cage and it unlocks the little guy inside.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Okay, well, but it's still like an intuitive just click and drag 2 things.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kevin: See what happens.
Kevin: I do like that.
Al: Yeah, and it feels like there's something there, possibly.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I agree.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: That is a little more interesting.
Kevin: Um, Okay.
Al: But we'll see.
Kevin: Little raccoon guys are kind of.
Al: We'll see.
Al: Release date is to be announced.
Al: Uh, so, who knows when it'll even come out.
Al: Moving on. In the drift.
Al: A game about fixing the internet in space.
Al: Travel the asteroid belt and restore connections in a dreamy narrative platformer from one half of the creators of Sable.
Al: I don't know what Sable is, so I don't care.
Al: Also, one half of the creators of is always funny because it's like, what if this is the bad one?
Al: Like what if there were 2 people and one of them did the whole game and the other one was not good at it?
Al: Like, that doesn't tell you anything.
Al: I'm not saying they are.
Al: I'm just saying that's always a possibility.
Al: Uh, this is uh, to the platforming, uh, feels kind of spirit fairersque style of platforming.
Al: I think it's interesting.
Kevin: Yeah, it's, it's, I don't know, watching the trailers, okay.
Al: I mean,
Kevin: I don't know nothing.
Kevin: It's interesting how we're going about these.
Kevin: you're going off the steam pages of whatnot.
Kevin: I'm just going off the trailer.
Kevin: Um, I don't know.
Kevin: It looks fine.
Kevin: Nothing bad, but nothing really, uh, sinking my teeth into.
Al: Also says 5 hours of gameplay, so I'm in.
Kevin: There you go
Al: Four leaf fields?
Al: Well...
Kevin: This is the one with the V tuber introduction.
Al: Welcome to the tiny world of 4 Leaf Fields, a cosy farming life sim where you're no bigger than a carrot.
Al: Grow towering crops.
Al: Care for tiny farm bugs and uncover a web of secrets fuelled by gossip, solo.
Al: I find the wording is really funny because it's like the solo art online with friends is tacked on to the end of the sentence that talks about the gossip and it, but it's nothing to do with that.
Al: It's just like play the game solo or online with friends.
Al: It's like, you have to go online to get the gossip.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: Uh.
Al: That's what it feels like it's trying to say, but no.
Kevin: Yeah, this.
Al: I think narratively, it's a fun, like, uh, difference.
Al: It's like, it's a farming game, but you're a tiny person is fun.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Whether that ends up actually being fun is a different question.
Kevin: Yeah, that's kind of the big thing.
Kevin: Yeah, um, Yeah, that is the question, right?
Kevin: Um, I think the tiny farming is kind of cool.
Kevin: The gossip thing's kind of novel.
Kevin: I dont know how well it'll work, but I don't know.
Kevin: We'll see how the tiny farm thing works might be good.
Kevin: Might not.
Kevin: I don't know.
Kevin: Um, yeah.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Uh, let's see, what a.
Al: Look, I want my farm of ladybirds.
Kevin: Yeah, one day, that's that's the dream, right?
Al: They look cute.
Al: I'm intrigued by this one.
Al: I think I'll play this.
Kevin: I'll I'll wait to hear what you think before. I dive in.
Al: Cheat. Croakwood.
Al: Welcome to Croakwood, a relaxed town building and management game where tiny frogs settle into life in the wild woods, design and create structures, plan and decorate your town, explore an ancient forest filled with secrets, and guide a charming frog community as it...
Kevin: Yeah, uh, this one looks all right, in my opinion, it's, it's fabled them, but frogs.
Kevin: It's it's frog, froggle them.
Kevin: Um, that's it's really, I think, the best way to put it.
Kevin: Um, the art styles.
Al: Frogs is fun, frogs are always fun.
Kevin: Frogs are fun.
Kevin: They're cute.
Kevin: I don't know if you'll like it out because.
Al: I'm not sure that's how frogs are meant to walk, but
Kevin: Um, We've, uh,
Al: The graphics look fun.
Al: I'm not playing this one.
Kevin: Yeah, it's, it's just, it's a management game like,
Kevin: I might, though.
Kevin: Uh, I said, looks like Bable them frogs.
Al: This is also released to be announced, but...
Kevin: Yeah, oh, oh, I'm gonna play it now.
Kevin: I'm just saying, baby, when it comes out.
Al: Spirits, spirits, stead, by the way, dies a really hard name to say, spirits dead.
Al: The extra, the 2 the S, surrounded by teas, is bad for my mouth.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: And it's Spirity, the Pokemon.
Al: A city builder set in a world of magic.
Al: Build a village and care for the people who live there with the help of a hidden with the help of hidden spirits, you discover along the way.
Al: Watch your town grow and flourish as you expand, create, and decorate.
Kevin: Uh, it feels fine.
Al: Okay.
Kevin: It feels, again, kind of.
Al: Nothing stands out.
Kevin: Not really, it's town building management just like the last one, but it's not frogs.
Kevin: Art styles.
Kevin: Okay, it's not bad.
Kevin: It's nice, but like, I don't know, nothing real, it's nothing stand out.
Kevin: Like they have these spirits and I don't know if those are their actual names with goofy little cutesy names, but uh, Nothing, uh.
Kevin: Uh, no.
Al: Again, no release date known for this one.
Al: All right.
Al: Actually, no, I'm going to put that one to the last.
Kevin: Yes.
Kevin: Oh, hey, wait 12nd.
Kevin: So that's a lot more games in this wholesome direct.
Kevin: Um, a lot more.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Do you want to cover any of them or could you, should I bring them or?
Al: If you think there's games that work for the podcast that I've missed, then sure. But only if they're like,
Kevin: I think so.
Kevin: But, yeah, I, the problem is, like, I don't remember because, like, Moonlight Peaks, we've talked about that.
Kevin: I don't even think there was a date for that.
Al: Yeah, I'm only talking about things where there's actual news.
Kevin: It's just true.
Kevin: Okay, sure.
Al: Let's put it that way.
Al: So like, yeah, there's a bunch of stuff that's like, oh, there's game.
Kevin: Fair enough.
Kevin: Um,
Al: It exists, by the way.
Al: And you're like, yeah, yeah, we know that.
Al: Thanks.
Al: I'll get it when I get it.
Kevin: Did we talk about deer and boy?
Al: I didn't really, what was, what was?
Al: I saw it, but I didn't think it really fit in it.
Kevin: Um, well, no, it's it's not farming.
Al: poetic cinematic platform or run a, no.
Kevin: It's not cottage core.
Al: That's the thing.
Kevin: You got a point like it's.
Al: We can't talk about everything.
Al: It was an hour long.
Al: We'd spend forever talking about things if we talked about...
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: You got a point.
Kevin: Yeah, like I just assume everything, but you're right.
Kevin: Now, a lot of this isn't exactly like the tail is sick, you.
Kevin: I am excited about that one.
Kevin: But we already talked about that.
Al: Yeah, I don't think there was any news there though, because we already knew that that was...
Kevin: We know.
Kevin: No, no there wasn't.
Al: Papaya Plaza.
Al: Welcome to your new life as a mayor of a tourist town in this small slice of life town building game.
Al: Restore the community, meet adorable villagers, and create your dream escape at your own pace.
Al: What will you build today?
Al: Peep, peep.
Kevin: Let's say, hold on, because this one was not in the uh, uh, the thing.
Al: It was.
Kevin: Uh.
Al: It was in, it was in the montage at the end.
Kevin: Was it?
Kevin: Oh, I forgot the montage.
Al: Kevin, you got it, you got to keep your eyes open for that montage.
Kevin: You know what?
Kevin: I was more excited.
Kevin: I would, no, you know what's craziest?
Kevin: I was more excited about the montage than the rest of the show, I think.
Al: Because it was nice and quick.
Kevin: I know, just a lot of the gays, like, oh, I care about that one more.
Kevin: Um, Papaya Plaza.
Kevin: Okay, town building.
Al: I think this is cute, this one.
Kevin: It is, it's, um...
Al: And this is doing the thing.
Al: This is doing the thing that, what was the game recently we played, which was kind of management style game, but you were playing as an individual?
Al: Because obviously Super Su story is doing that, but it's not out yet, but there was something we played recently.
Kevin: Ah.
Kevin: Uh, I don't remember.
Kevin: No, um, I don't remember.
Al: No, no, no.
Al: Little rocket lab.
Al: It was Little Rocket Lab.
Kevin: Oh, oh, that's, you played it.
Kevin: I haven't played it, but yes.
Al: I played it.
Al: But you're going to play it.
Kevin: I am.
Al: Um, so it's doing the same thing as that where it's like, it's a management style game, kind of, but you're still playing as an individual character.
Al: So I am intrigued by this.
Al: Um, I'm, I'm, yeah, I think also that style of game makes it more likely to have interesting stories, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Because you are a character talking to characters, whereas it's harder when it's a management style game to actually care about the,
Kevin: Yeah, I agree.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, no, that's fair.
Kevin: Yeah, no, okay.
Kevin: It's cutesy.
Kevin: I like the uh, I should have described it.
Kevin: It's pixel art again, but um, I don't know.
Kevin: It feels almost like, uh, not not exactly, um, Tomagachi, but in that kind of direction.
Kevin: Um, yeah, that's cute.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: It's a watermelon person.
Al: All right, and our final new game, Bancho the Chef, Bancho the Chef, is a cooking simulation, an adventure game that follows Bancho from Dave the Diver, during his youth on the road to becoming a sushi master.
Al: Travel through cities across Asia and experience the joy of cooking firsthand as you follow Bancho's journey and learn unique local cuisine.
Kevin: I'm excited, but you know, I didn't expect a prequel and not bancho, but yeah.
Al: No.
Kevin: I'm down for that.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: I like Bancho as a character and I like cooking, so you know what?
Kevin: Sure, why not?
Al: It looks a lot more like mini game focussed, like a lot of the cleaning and cooking and all of that just seems to be like a whole bunch of different mini games.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, you're you're not going out spear hunting.
Al: So I'm not sure I will enjoy it as much because what I liked about Dave was like the diving and the building up of your restaurant.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Like, I didn't particularly care about the actual, like, obviously we didn't do the cooking and that.
Al: We just did the like serving people, but even in that I was like, that was not the bit that I...
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, no, that's fair.
Kevin: And it does look like way more of that.
Kevin: So, I don't blame you.
Kevin: I'll be all in, though.
Kevin: I'll report on it.
Al: Oh, I'm sure and I'm sure it will be good.
Kevin: Pay yourself for...
Al: I'm sure it will, what it does will be done well.
Al: I'm just not sure that what it does is what I want to play, you know?
Kevin: Oh, yeah, it'll be quality, absolutely.
Kevin: Yeah, that's fair.
Kevin: Um, yeah, stay, so stay tuned in for bancho a month next year.
Kevin: Uh,
Al: Still kept...
Kevin: I can't, I can't believe.
Kevin: I don't know how he pulled it off.
Kevin: Um, okay.
Kevin: is that is that your last one?
Kevin: Uh okay.
Kevin: I'm just so obviously the wholesome director was a lot bigger than this.
Kevin: There were a lot of games that weren't exactly even college court farming or whatever.
Kevin: Um, I'm just gonna do a quick, just rapid fire mention of a couple I liked.
Kevin: Um, uh, let's see, dungeon tours, tourists.
Al: Go for it.
Kevin: Did you see that one?
Al: Yeah, it was basically Pokemon Snap.
Kevin: Pokemon Snap.
Kevin: that's all I need
Kevin: It's Pokemon Snap.
Kevin: That's all I need.
Kevin: Um, uh, let's see, here we've got, uh, you know what?
Kevin: No, I just got skip that one.
Kevin: That's not worth.
Kevin: Weird Boy looks cute.
Kevin: It looks like it'll make you cry, that durable probably die at the end of the game.
Kevin: That's fine.
Kevin: Um, you've got, uh, you've got, what was the other one?
Kevin: Tales are sick.
Kevin: Well, we already know that one.
Kevin: I'm excited by that.
Kevin: There's no news.
Kevin: I just like it.
Al: Standard.
Kevin: Um, there, yeah, rub my wee part lit up at that.
Kevin: We got Rubber Bird.
Kevin: That's not cottage core, but it's very funny looking.
Kevin: Um, you're just, it's a bird with rubber arms, you know, one of those physics type game.
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Um, very, very funny, cute looking.
Kevin: Um, there was, well, waterfall.
Kevin: This one, I think.
Kevin: Oh, maybe a little closer to our fair.
Kevin: looks like Tara nil.
Kevin: Where you're kind of terraforming.
Kevin: It's just a terraforming game, but it looks like you're focussing on the water aspects, like growing rivers and lakes.
Kevin: Uh, that looks pretty cool.
Kevin: I like that.
Kevin: Um, Also, questions mentioned.
Kevin: I excited about that.
Kevin: I can't believe they did a game called Pelican Post.
Kevin: Just ripping off Animal Crossing, just the Pelican mail in person.
Kevin: And they did a whole game on that.
Kevin: Okay, you you go, you crazy people.
Kevin: Uh, let's see, but, uh, yeah, I think that's, that's kind of it, again, there's a lot of stuff on.
Kevin: They probably skipped over a few, but, uh, You know, I'll say that for my post credits.
Kevin: Oh, okay.
Kevin: Um, that's it.
Kevin: That's it.
Kevin: That's all I've got.
Kevin: Um, um, I was just gonna say, somebody did a 3D model of Moss Slacks, and it's very good.
Kevin: Good for you.
Kevin: One of the presenters, like the real person.
Kevin: Um, uh, yeah.
Al: Okay, Kevin, I don't know if you've seen this in the show notes.
Al: There's one more thing we need to talk about.
Kevin: There is, I didn't see this.
Al: Wild society.
Kevin: I'm sad.
Kevin: Why was this kind of the wholesome direct?
Al: Have not, you want, good question.
Al: Wild society have not announced a release date, sadly for you.
Al: However, they have given us a new trailer with a walkthrough of how the rituals feature works, which is their magic, right?
Al: Any thoughts?
Kevin: I'm kind of poking through it.
Kevin: Um, it's, it's interesting because it's very different from uh, uh, wild flowers where uh, that was just basically a crafting thing.
Kevin: Um, and causing some busts.
Kevin: But here you're out foraging and you're like arranging stuff into space.
Kevin: I think that's pretty cool.
Kevin: Um, it looks in depth.
Kevin: like they're putting effort into it.
Kevin: Let's say that.
Kevin: Um, yeah, I know, it's, it's novel.
Kevin: It's different, right?
Kevin: When they, you put a little more emphasis than just crafting.
Kevin: Yeah, cool.
Kevin: I think it's novel.
Kevin: It'll be interesting to see how to, um,
Al: Did you have, were you able to ride on a broom in the last game?
Kevin: Uh, I was about to say that uh, it was your quick travel, basically.
Al: Right, okay.
Kevin: But here you actually control the flying, which is very different.
Al: Yeah, it looks like it's more.
Kevin: Yeah, so that will be interesting.
Kevin: Yeah, very interesting.
Kevin: Uh,
Kevin: Well, I mean, we all know it's well, I don't care.
Kevin: Who cares?
Kevin: I'm going to play it anyway.
Kevin: will not be stopped.
Kevin: Um.
Al: Yeah.
Al: It will be interesting to see what you think once you actually...
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, wouldn't that be nice?
Kevin: They're waiting for GTA to announce it so they can announce on the same day.
Al: All right.
Kevin: Good.
Al: I think that's everything then for now.
Al: Maybe with the stuff we've missed and we'll talk about it in future episodes, but like there's a lot there.
Al: Goodness, there's a lot.
Kevin: So many.
Al: All right, Kevin, is there anything you'd like to share with the audience?
Kevin: Yeah, I'm not specific, well, no, not specifically, and Cooper, wherever find me, if you can.
Kevin: I don't promise anything exciting.
Kevin: In fact, I promise it probably will not be exciting.
Kevin: Um, Bug the stuff out.
Al: Calm down.
Al: All right, you can find the podcast on Tumblr and on Blue Sky at THS Pod.
Al: You can send us feedback from our website, Harvenseason.club.
Al: Tell us what you're most excited on from the wholesome direct.
Al: What got you interested?
Al: What are you going to?
Al: what are you gonna buy the day it comes out?
Kevin: What are you up?
Kevin: What are you upset that we didn't talk about?
Al: Um, what what do you want to be sarcastic about as well?
Al: join us in being sarcastic about things.
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: Don't leave us alone being like this.
Al: Also, on our website, you can find links to everything to do with the podcast, including a link to our Patreon, patreon.com slash THS pod, where you can get access to the Slack and mockers there as well.
Al: And.
Kevin: Oh, that's a big one.
Al: And you get bonus episodes of the podcast, which, hopefully, assuming that we're both still awake, we're about to record one on other summer Game Fest stuff that we're interested in.
Kevin: More things coming out.
Kevin: They're probably be a Nintendo director, I would say.
Kevin: Probably, at some point.
Al: Yeah, but that's not going to be in this greenhouse.
Kevin: No, not the screenhouse.
Al: That's a, look, that's a whole other greenhouse episode to do on its own.
Kevin: There are a lot of games, people.
Kevin: It is.
Kevin: We care about those, yes.
Kevin: No, but for now, we...
Al: All right, I think that's everything.
Al: Thank you, Kevin for joining me again.
Kevin: That's all.
Kevin: Thank you all for having me on.
Al: Thank you listeners for listening. and until next time,
Al: Have a good many, many games.
Kevin: Have good heart.
Kevin: Too many games.
Al: Many, many, many games.
Theme Tune: The harvest season is created by Al McKinley, with support from our patrons, including our pro farmers, Kevin Stewart, and Elisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed in this episode.
Kevin: Beast folk barber.
Kevin: Did you see that one now?
Al: I did I did see that.
Kevin: All I have to say, I,
Al: I've seen it all now.
Kevin: The only one, the line, I'm just gonna quote the line right from the trailer.
Kevin: Uh, it's not real dating unless it's interspecies.
Kevin: That's all.
Kevin: There you go, folks.
Al: I don't know what to say.
Al: They just announced a new cassette piece game.
Kevin: What? No!
Al: Like, while while we've been recording, they just announced cassette beasts, 2002.
Kevin: Hold it.
Kevin: Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Kevin: Where, where, where, where?
Kevin: I'm in studio two.
Kevin: I would literally want the recording 2 hours ago.
Al: Literally while we've been recording.
Kevin: On the PC gaming show.
Kevin: Where is it?
Kevin: All that, I'm looking for this.
Kevin: I need to find this live reaction.
Kevin: Oh.
Al: I'll send you the I'll send you the video, shall I?
Kevin: What?
Kevin: Do you have the, is it is there a trailer directly for it?
Kevin: Because see, I have the show here.
Al: Yeah, I've got the just the trailer directly.
Kevin: I just have to comb through.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: There was another game I would have talked about.
Kevin: I can't remember, I think it was just Godzilla, actually, because there's a bunch of just random announcements just floating around too.
Kevin: That's the problem.
Kevin: Holy moly.
Al: Yep.
Kevin: Oh, wait, did you send it?
Al: I sent it on Zooms.
Kevin: Uh.
Kevin: Oh, on Zoom?
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Oh, well, that's fine.
Kevin: That works too.
Kevin: Uh.
Kevin: Done it.
Kevin: Okay, let's see here.
Kevin: Holy moly.
Kevin: Oh, good thing you record.
Kevin: Oh, we just said bye.
Kevin: Okay, I'm watching the trailer.
Kevin: Magical girl transformation and a lot of new beasts, British accent.
Al: It's set in London, apparently.
Kevin: Oh, oh, that is that why?
Al: Yeah, it says, it says set in London in 2002.
Kevin: 2002?
Kevin: Oh, that's fun.
Al: Coming to Xbox PS5, switch to...
Kevin: Whoa.
Kevin: That's whoa.
Kevin: They're going like full 3D.
Kevin: All these British accents.
Kevin: Wow, the whole camera is just going full 3D.
Al: Yeah, but all the like models still look the same like 2D Sprites.
Kevin: Yeah, kind of this like I, yeah, like Paper Mario-ish sticking.
Al: Yeah, exactly, exactly.
Kevin: What is it, octopath kind of thing?
Kevin: Yeah, but the camera's rotating.
Kevin: That's wild.
Kevin: Um, Very interesting.
Kevin: I don't know what this is going to work story wise because, uh, there was no lead up at all, no no hook for a sequel at all.
Kevin: And I can tell because everyone's new, so it's all new cast.
Al: Well, it's presumably it's a prequel if it's set in 2000 too.
Kevin: Uh, the original, there was no clear indication what it was.
Kevin: In fact, my was, it felt like it was said earlier even, um, the early, the 1st one was not on, you know, it was, it was in a different world and they didn't have like digital to,
Al: Think?
Al: Yeah, I know.
Kevin: I don't know, maybe.
Kevin: Yeah, that's a good point.
Kevin: Maybe it could be a prequel.
Al: There's clearly something because like in the trailer, they're like, oh, uh, are we not on air?
Kevin: You're right.
Kevin: don't know.
Kevin: There's no.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, we'll see.
Kevin: I don't know.
Kevin: It might be, it's, whatever.
Kevin: This is why there's no clear hooks, but it's also just whatever.
Kevin: Little magical dimension spaces happen, so it could just be wherever.
Kevin: Oh man, I'm so excited.
Kevin: There's, there's all these new beasts.
Kevin: What is going on?
Kevin: There's real, you're in the real world, earth area, it looks like.
Kevin: Um, yeah, this, this looks very different.
Kevin: Obviously, I'm very excited.
Kevin: I trust them, but uh,
Kevin: Cool, cool.
Al: Yeah, I just felt we needed to record that.
Al: Question is, is this going to be a post-credit for the main episode or for the greenhouse?
Kevin: I just, I don't know what at both.
Al: I feel like this is a main episode post-credit, right?
Kevin: Both. Sure.
Kevin: Sure, there's your, right after the interspecies thing.